Add problem package and statement to problems endpoint (#74)
icpc/ccs-specs: Contest_API.md

| time\_limit       | number  | no        | no        | Time limit in seconds per test data set (i.e. per single run). Should be an integer multiple of `0.001`.
| test\_data\_count | integer | yes       | no        | Number of test data sets.
| max_score         | number  | no        | no        | Maximum expected score, although teams may score higher in some cases. Typically used to indicate scoreboard cell color in scoring contests. Required iff contest:scoreboard_type is `score`.

> | problem_package   | array of FILE  | no | yes    | [Problem package](https://www.kattis.com/problem-package-format/). Expected mime type is application/zip. Only exactly one archive is allowed. Not expected to actually contain href for package during the contest, but used for configuration and archiving.

Reviewer: I get what you want to say with the sentence, but as a reader I got questions. Like "it's not expected during the contest, but how about before? Or after?" and "When **is** it expected?"

Author: For configuration and archiving?

Do you have a suggestion for how to explain it better?

Reviewer: Not really. Maybe “for package in live systems” but that also is meh

Author: I think what I wrote is better.

> | problem_package   | array of FILE  | no | yes    | [Problem package](https://www.kattis.com/problem-package-format/). Expected mime type is application/zip. Only exactly one archive is allowed. Not expected to actually contain href for package during the contest, but used for configuration and archiving.

Reviewer 2: Did we ever decide/clarify whether a problem package zip contains the files inside a directory of the problem name or in the root of the zip? I guess that's something that has to be clarified in the problem-package-format repo, but I think it's relevant here, as this is meant for potentially build automated tooling on top of that file format.

Author: > Did we ever decide/clarify whether a problem package zip contains the files inside a directory of the problem name or in the root of the zip?

I don't remember.

I think we should say that the directory must be included.

> I guess that's something that has to be clarified in the problem-package-format repo, 

Yes.

> but I think it's relevant here, as this is meant for potentially build automated tooling on top of that file format.

Sure it's relevant, but the correct place to document all the details about the problem package format is in the problem package format specification. 

In summary, I don't think we should change the current wording here, but we should update the problem package format to clarify this.

> | problem_statememt | array of FILE | no | yes    | Problem statemet. Expected mime type is application/pdf. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| problem_statement | array of FILE | no | yes    | Problem statement. Expected mime type is application/pdf. 
```

JSON elements of organization objects:

| Name               | Type          | Required? | Nullable? | Description
| :----------------- | :------------ | :-------- | :-------- | :----------
| id                 | ID            | yes       | no        | Identifier of the organization.
| icpc\_id           | string        | no        | yes       | External identifier from ICPC CMS.
| name               | string        | yes       | no        | Short display name of the organization.
| formal\_name       | string        | no        | yes       | Full organization name if too long for normal display purposes.
| country            | string        | no        | yes       | [ISO 3166-1 alpha-3 code](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1_alpha-3) of the organization's country.

> | country_flag       | array of FILE | no        | yes       | Flag of the country. A server is recommended to provide flags of size around 56x56 and 160x160. Only allowed mime types are image/*.

Reviewer 2: I'm assuming that here and below the intention is that this is still restricted to the 3 image mime types we support: png, jpg and svg, right? That's still mentioned above but is now a little less explicit, but I think that's ok.

Author: > I'm assuming that here and below the intention is that this is still restricted to the 3 image mime types we support: png, jpg and svg, right? 

Yes.

> That's still mentioned above but is now a little less explicit, but I think that's ok.

I agree.
